### Privacy Policy(User)
This privacy policy (“Policy”) explains how Telecorp Co., Ltd. collects, uses and discloses personal information. (“Personal Data”) that you (“user” or “you”) provide for your use of TTCSTEELPLUS USER and such products or services. (collectively, “Website” or “Service”) to comply with the Personal Data Protection Act B.E. 2562 (“PDPA”).
This includes explaining the choices you have in relation to our use of your personal information and how you can access or update it. This policy does not apply to the operations of companies that we do not administer or individuals that we do not employ or manage.
### Information We Collect Automatically
When you visit TTCSTEELPLUS USER, our server will automatically record the information sent by your address. Such information may include the IP Address of your device. Operating system type and version the language you choose the duration of those visits Information you find on our TTCSTEELPLUS USER, date and time of visit and other statistics.
Information collected automatically is used to identify potential violations and generate statistical information about the use of the TTCSTEELPLUS USER.
### Collection of Personal Information
You may visit TTCSTEELPLUS USER without telling us who you are or revealing any information that enables others to identify you specifically. However, you will be asked to provide us with certain personal information (such as your name and Your e-mail address) If you want to use some of the functions of TTCSTEELPLUS USER, we receive and store any information you provide to us with your knowledge when you create your account. Content Announcement make an order or fill out the form on the TTCSTEELPLUS USER when necessary, they may contain the following information
Personal information such as name, surname, age, date of birth ID number/passport Contact information such as email addresses, addresses, phone numbers, account information such as usernames. Unique user ID, password, proof of identity, such as a copy of a national ID card. Copy of passport Other information that you agree to send to us, such as articles, pictures, animations, suggestions, and any other information that is considered personal data according to the Personal Data Protection Law, etc. You can choose not to provide your personal information. to us but you will not be able to use some functions of TTCSTEELPLUS USER and services. Users who are not sure what personal information is necessary can contact us to inquire.
### Management of personal information
You can delete the personal information that we have collected about you. Personal information that you can delete will change according to changes made by TTCSTEELPLUS USER or the service. We may retain an unaltered copy of personal information in our records for the period necessary to perform our obligations to our partners or partners. and the purposes set out below. If you wish to delete your personal information or permanently delete your TTCSTEELPLUS USER account. You can do this by accessing the settings page in your account on TTCSTEELPLUS USER or by contacting us at your convenience.

### Storage of personal information management
We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and to enforce our contracts and terms and conditions. Unless it is necessary to continue to keep or as required by law. We may use aggregated information derived from the collection of your personal information that has been updated or deleted, but we will not use it in a way that can identify you personally. When the storage period expires Personal data will be deleted, therefore, the right to access, the right to delete, the right to correct. Right to request data transfer It cannot be enforced at the expiration of the storage period.
Your personal data will be sent outside the Kingdom of Thailand as our infrastructure is located in Singapore.

### Use and processing of collected personal data
To make TTCSTEELPLUS USER and the Services available to you or to comply with a legal obligation; We therefore need to collect some of your personal information. If you do not allow us to collect the information we request. We may not be able to provide the products or services you request. Some of the information we have collected is directly from you through TTCSTEELPLUS USER, however, we may collect your personal information from other sources. including but not limited to TTCSTEELPLUS new buyer referral activities, social media, email. The personal data that we have collected from you may be used for the following purposes.
	•	To create and manage user accounts.
	•	To place and manage orders.
	•	To deliver products or services.
	•	To improve products or services even better.
	•	To send administrative information.
	•	To send marketing or promotional communications.
	•	To respond to inquiries and offer assistance.
	•	To request feedback from users.
	•	To improve user experience even better.
	•	To post or promote your satisfaction with our products and services.
	•	To enforce our terms and conditions and policies.
	•	To protect from malicious and malicious users.
	•	To respond to legal claims and avoid damages.
	•	To operate and manage TTCSTEELPLUS USER and services.
	•	To engage in any other activities related to the TTCSTEELPLUS USER website and services.
The processing of your personal data depends on the method used by TTCSTEELPLUS USER, your location. and if one of the following actions (1) you have given your consent for one or more specific purposes; however, this action will not apply if the Personal Data falls under the Personal Data Protection Laws of Thailand. (PDPA) (2) The information is necessary for the performance of the contract between you. and/or for performance prior to entering into a contract; (3) the processing is necessary for compliance with the laws to which you are subject; (4) the processing is related to our public interest obligations; (5) the processing of the data is necessary for our legitimate interests; or of another person or juristic person
Please note that under certain circumstances We may be allowed to process your personal data until you object to the processing (opt-out), without reference to any stated consent or legal basis. anyway, We are happy to clarify the legal bases on which we process specific data. and specifically, whether the processing of personal data is based on a legal obligation or a contractual obligation. or necessary for entering into a contract
We never sell your information to anyone else. We have used the services of the following third-party data processors.
Firebase [US/Singapore/Global] Google Analytics [US/Singapore/Global]
### Overseas transmission or transfer of personal data and storage
Depending on your location, transmission or transfer of information may involve the transfer and storage of information to a country other than your country. If any transmission or transfer occurs You can check the relevant sections of this document or inquire with us using the information we provide in the contact section.
Your usage data is stored securely in Thailand. TTCSTEELPLUS USER hosts its main infrastructure in Thailand. We have complied with the Personal Data Protection Act of Thailand B.E. 2562 (2019) and have granted the right to request as required by law.
Although some personal data is hosted outside Thailand. We continue to take appropriate data protection measures and select data centers that meet the highest standards in terms of protection and availability. Because we cannot find any data center in Thailand that meets the standard. It is therefore necessary for us to host our main infrastructure in Singapore for our disaster recovery facility while some personal data used for billing purposes will be stored and processed in Thailand.
### User rights
You can exercise certain rights that you have in relation to your data processed by us. especially You have the following rights.
	•	(1) You have the right to withdraw your prior consent to the processing of your data. However, the revocation of such consent will not affect the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data. Legally prior consent
	•	(2) You have the right to object to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data at any time. Unless the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data is done for necessary operations under our legitimate interests or that of another person or entity. or for the implementation of missions for the public interest and that the collection, use or disclosure of personal information is not beyond the scope of your reasonable expectation.
	•	(3) You have the right to know your data that has been processed by us. obtained from disclosures relating to data processing and requesting us to make a copy of such information for you
	•	(4) You have the right to confirm the accuracy of your information and request us. Correct your personal information to keep such personal information accurate and up-to-date.
	•	(5) You have the right to suspend the processing of your data. in that case We will not process your data other than just storing it.
	•	(6) You have the right, in certain circumstances, to request that we delete your personal data from our storage.
	•	(7) You have the right to obtain your personal data in a format that can be read or usable by a working device or device, and (where possible) us to send or transfer that form of personal data. to other controllers of personal data when such means are possible. This right is only possible if your data is processed automatically and is processed on the basic of consent. on the basic of the contract that you are a party to or before entering into the contract; and
	•	(8) You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant legal authority. If you believe that the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information It is an action that violates or does not comply with relevant laws.
How to exercise A user's request to exercise any of his or her rights may be made by requesting to us through the contacts provided by us under this document. This claim is free of charge and will be processed as soon as possible by us.
An online form can be completed at https://www.telecorp.co.th/contact.aspx (Please specify that it is a request for the TTCSTEELPLUS USER website.)
### Billing and payment
We use third-party payment processors to help us process your payment information securely. The use of your personal data by such third-party processors is governed by their respective privacy policies. which may or may not have the privacy protections protected by this policy. We therefore recommend that you review the respective privacy policies of that individual.
### Product and Service Providers
Minors' privacy, we may sign contracts with other companies to provide certain products or services. Except for the necessity of providing services on behalf of us or others, these service providers shall not use or disclose your personal information. Legal requirements We will share information with service providers similar to our privacy policy or those who agree to be bound by our policy Related to personal information. Our service provider will obtain the personal information they need to perform their assigned duties. We do not allow service providers to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes. 
### Minors' privacy
We do not collect information from minors under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit your personal information through the TTCSTEELPLUS USER or the Services. We lawfully monitor the use of the Internet by minors and assist in enforcing this policy by directing them not to submit personal information to the TTCSTEELPLUS USER website or the Services without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a minor under the age of 13 has submitted personal information through the TTCSTEELPLUS USER or the Services, please contact us. You must be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personal data (in certain countries, we may consent to your parent or legal representative to do so in certain jurisdictions). your name)
### Newsletter
We offer electronic newsletters which you may voluntarily subscribe to at any time. We are committed to keeping your email address confidential and will not disclose your email address to third parties unless authorized in connection with data use and processing or for Purpose of using a third party service provider to send such emails We will retain information sent by email in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
All emails sent from us clearly indicate who the email is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletters or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by contacting us. However, you will still receive necessary transactional emails.
### Cookie
TTCSTEELPLUS USER uses “cookies” to make your user experience more complete and efficient. Cookies are text files that we store on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to launch programs or to deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are selected to be unique to you and can be read by the web server of the domain from which the cookie was applied to you.
We may use cookies to collect, store and track information for statistical purposes to operate TTCSTEELPLUS USER and services. You can choose to accept or reject cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. But usually you can modify your browser settings to refuse the use of cookies if you wish. If you choose to reject cookies, you will not be able to use and experience the features of the TTCSTEELPLUS USER website and services.
### What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files stored as text files that are saved on your computer or other device when a website page is loaded in your browser. They are widely used to recognize you and your preferences either for a single visit (through "session cookies") or for repeated visits (using "persistent cookies").
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used during your visit to the website and expire when you close your web browser.
Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within our website and remain on your desktop computer or mobile device even if you close your browser or restart your computer. These cookies provide a consistent and efficient experience for you while visiting our website or using our services.
Cookies may be set by the website. ("First Party Cookies") or by third parties, such as those who provide content or serve advertisements or analytics on the Site. These third parties can recognize you when you visit our website and when you visit other websites.
### Cookies we use
Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies allow us to offer you the best experience when you access and navigate our website and its features. that you have created an account and are logged in to that account to access the content;
Functional Cookies Functionality Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies allow us to offer you the best experience when you access and navigate our website and its features. For example, these cookies tell us that you have created an account and was logged into that account to access the content.
Analytical Cookies. These cookies allow us and our third-party services to collect information collected for statistical purposes about how our visitors use the website. These cookies do not contain personal information such as name and email address. and will be used to help us improve your experience on the website.
Social Media Cookies Third-party cookies from social media sites (such as Facebook, Twitter, etc.) to help us track social media users. when they visit our website by using the tagging tools provided by those social media
These cookies are also used for event tracking and online advertising purposes, and any information collected with these tagging tools will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. And we do not collect or share any personally identifiable information of users.
Google Analytics - Creating anonymous statistics on how visitors use the website These cookies are used to distinguish users. We use these cookies only to improve in terms of user experience on our website and to know which website content is of interest. Most visited or clicked (name: _gid (expires in 24h) name: _ga (expires in 2 years)) Hotjar – Stored cookie. Track and analyze user behavior It will appear as a heatmap (name: hjIncludedInSample (expires in 1 year). Do we use web beacons or tracking pixels? Our emails may contain " web beacons" (or "tracking pixels") to let us know if our emails are opened and monitored for click-through links or advertisements within them.
We may use this information for purposes including determining which emails are more interesting to users and to inquire whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving emails.
The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email. If you don't want to download pixels to your device Emails should be read in plain text or with images turned off.
### What are your cookie choices?
If you do not like the concept of cookies or certain types of cookies, please contact us. You can change your browser settings to delete cookies that have already been set and not accept new cookies. To learn more about how or to learn more about cookies, please visit internetcookies.org.
However, please note that if you delete cookies or do not accept cookies, You may not be able to use all functions of the TTCSTEELPLUS USER and the Services.
### Signal transmission prohibits tracking.
Some browsers may have a Do Not Track feature that signals to websites you have visited that you do not want your online activity to be tracked. Tracking is not the same as using or collecting information related to a website. For these purposes, tracking means collecting personally identifiable information from consumers who use or visit a website or online service as they move through the website. From time to time TTCSTEELPLUS USER does not track visitors over time and on third-party websites. However, some third-party websites may track your browsing activity when they serve content to you. This allows them to customize what they offer to you.
### Connect to other websites
TTCSTEELPLUS USER contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites or such third parties, so we encourage you to be aware of when you leave our websites and read the privacy policies of each. Websites that may collect personal information
### Security of personal information
We secure the information you provide on our controlled computer servers. safe environment Protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure of personal information under our control and supervision. However, we cannot guarantee transmission over the Internet. or wireless networks. Therefore, while we try to protect your personal information You acknowledge that (1) there are limitations on the security and privacy of the Internet, which are beyond our control; (2) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all data exchanged between you and the Website. and (3) such data and information may be viewed or modified by third parties during the transfer despite our best efforts.
### Data breach
In the event that we detect that the security of the TTCSTEELPLUS USER has been compromised or the user's personal information has been disclosed to an unrelated third party as a result of outside activities. including but not limited to Security attacks or fraud We reserve the right to take appropriate measures. including but not limited to investigating and reporting as well as notifying and cooperating with law enforcement agencies within 72 hours of becoming aware of the data breach. In case of data leakage We will use reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe there may be a reasonable risk of harm to users as a result of the leak or if notification is required by law. let me know Once we are done we will post a notice on TTCSTEELPLUS USER and send you an email.
### Legal Disclosure
We will disclose any personal information that we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, for example to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process. and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights. protect the safety of you or others fraud detection or responding to government requests In the event that we undertake a business change, such as a merger or acquisition by another company. or the sale of all or part of the property Your account and personal data may be included in the transferred assets.
Modifications and Changes to Privacy Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time at our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way we treat personal information. When changes are made, we will revise the update date at the bottom of this page. We may, at our discretion, provide you with other notices, such as the contact information you provide. Any changes to this Policy will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Policy. unless otherwise stated Your continued use of the Site or Services after the effective date of the revised Policy. By doing so (or other actions specified at that time), you will be deemed to have consented to those changes. your personal data without your consent
### Contact us
If you wish to contact us to understand more about this contract or have any other related questions. You can contact us by filling out the form. send email to software.eng@telecorp.co.th or send a letter to Telecorp Co., Ltd. No. 216/52, City Link University Kanchanapisek parallel road, Saphan Sung, Saphan Sung, Bangkok 10250, Thailand. If you wish to exercise your rights Please use it through this channel.
